So we have a look at encryption but remember that TLS
is made up of two parts, encryption and hashing.
Hashing is the process of transforming data
into a short representation of the original data.
The smallest change in the original data will have enormous changes in the hash.
If two documents yield the same hash value,
they are very very likely to be the same documents.
There are a couple of things we care about with hashing functions.
One, it should be impossible to revert the conversion process,
meaning once data has been converted into a hash,
it can't be unconverted back into the original data.
And two, it should be just as impossible to
find a different document yielding an identical hash value.
One of the most common hashing functions is SHA which exists in multiple flavors like SHA
256 or SHA 512 where the number says how big the output of the hash is in bits.
No matter how big the document is that you pass in,
you will always get 256 bits as output when you're using SHA 256.